root = true

[*]
charset = utf-8
end_of_line = lf
insert_final_newline = true
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
trim_trailing_whitespace = true

# Language: API Blueprint
[*.apib]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 4

# Language: Bash
[*.sh]
indent_style = tab
indent_size = 2

# Language: CSS
[*.css]
indent_style = spaces
indent_size = 2

# Language: Fish
[*.fish]
indent_style = spaces
indent_size = 2

# Language: Golang
[*.go]
indent_style = tab
indent_size = 4

# Language: HTML
[*.{htm,html}]
indent_style = spaces
indent_size = 2

# Language: JavaScript
[*.js]
indent_style = spaces
indent_size = 2

# Language: JSON
[*.json]
indent_style = spaces
indent_size = 2

# Language: LESS
[*.less]
indent_style = spaces
indent_size = 2

# Language: Makefile
[{Makefile,*mk}]
indent_style = tab
indent_size = 2

# Language: Markdown
[*.{markdown,md}]
indent_style = tab
indent_size = 4

# Language: (Plant)UML
[*.uml]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 4

# Language: Python
[*.py]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 4

# Language: Ruby
[*.rb]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

# Language: SQL
[*.sql]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

# Language: Thrift
[*.thrift]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

# Language: TOML
[*.toml]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2

# Language: Vimscript
[*.vim]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 4

# Language: YAML
[*.yaml]
indent_style = space
indent_size = 2
